and everybody welcome back to her on the
line please abiding by zagat redd+ Ruben
thorn decent stuff on this new save file
although also losing on occasion some
people have asked me to turn the sound
up so I am going to do that and uh you
know what we need
I loves run I can't do the Yas voice as
well as Dan can yes
d 6c m CX ck what a season this one in
case that isn't abundantly clear you
know what let's be a little aggressive
be e a little aggressive I don't really
want the two extra cents from it but we
might as well try to leverage the fact
that we want to die in respond as
Lazarus and try to get something out of
it especially because it's a little bit
of a shorter run I'm trying to take a
little bit more of a risky approach a
little bit more of a high yield and
high-risk strategy because otherwise you
know it shouldn't be that much of a
challenge to beat mom's heart although
hilariously we have been having a pretty
bad track record of dying on like the
third floor lately but anyway it ebbs
and flows you know I treat Isaac like I
treat some why not
why not it actually lowered our damage
and speed and increased our range
you can't really ask for a worse
possible setup than that took away two
valuable stats maybe even critical stats
and gave us a stat that is borderline
meaningless but hey you know the idea is
that maybe at some point we'll come
across something that gives us like a
crazy range upgrade and the cruising
range upgrade this range upgrade Libre
it balances this range look that's not
bad
that was that was a pretty decent joke
there I thought greens Ranger green took
it to critical to critical to me anyway
plain Isaac it added some flows it ebbs
and flows like study habits like a diet
it ebbs and flows like the waves of the
tides I don't really know a lot about
you know marine behavior was going to
say biology but that's not what that is
money please i want to buy champion
belts okay we're not going to be able to
buy old lucky towles appeared in the
basement we're not going to be able to
buy champion belt at least not yet we
might get pageant boy but it's pretty
unlikely there are a few ways that we
could try to tip the we can try to tip
the scales in our favor here some what
that giving it the easy one is you blow
up all you can't get to that chest
okay well then not so easy one is we
find a second secret room there's a
bunch of red hearts in it theoretically
we step on a bunch of spikes and try to
get more payouts from the self sacrifice
room without accidentally sending
ourselves to a floor that we have no
chance of surviving right now mission
failed
so we'll blow this up as well and now we
have enough to get champion belt and
here's like the final step of the plan
is is champion belt actually going to do
anything for us what's it going to do
with with Libra and the answer is it's
kind of like an okay all stats upgrade
except for piers for whatever reason so
um I would prefer to have gotten a
little but it has a non laborat version
of it without a doubt but it is what it
is so we save a bomb for now of course
we could just go to the self sacrifice
room and you know lose our lives that
way this will give us the extra damage
modifier as Lazarus as las try to think
sometimes lessons more right I was going
laugh sometimes they get not angry
messages but people go please stop
saying this dead meme it's all over my
high school and I can't escape it yo I'm
not in high school okay so I don't watch
witches of waverly place I'm an adult as
far as I'm concerned if you're in high
school right now that's your fault why
didn't you think about that before you
you know we're born 12 years after me
idiot I'm just going to blow myself up
here we got a spear at our back that way
we get here so lemonparty that's fine
this is actually like a really really
good all stats I've gray
we got 1.47 damage out of it and all of
our other stats went up including our
tears which actually went up by a by two
Libre balances like a pendulum do
Lazarus rank gives you tears up to
damage is multiplying speed is real
great you got a beat mom's hot before
you're too late sort of worked okay
where are we going on this one
we should probably knock out our whole
deal with the devil situation I mean
it's our everybody it goes why don't you
just wait for the first deal with the
devil to die as Lazarus so that you can
you know get two birds stoned at once I
I do agree with that methodology in a
perfect world if you could guarantee
yourself a deal with the devil that
allowed you to lose enough HP to die I
totally get you but enough times have
happened where I've been burned trying
to do that that I prefer to just take
the certainty and get them you know
collect on that Lazarus HP as soon as
possible or the Lazarus bonus as soon as
possible not HP it's the inverse of HP
but because otherwise you know you pick
up a couple of HP upgrades and all of a
sudden you don't want to kill yourself
to respond as regular Lazarus or respond
Lazarus whatever you want to call them
we're going to take the too hard deal if
you're just a shadow this is like
amazing although will be dark Judas so
as a result we won't be Lazarus anymore
and that won't count as doing Lazarus
stuff and I think we've already respond
as dark Judas once so as much as you're
going to hate this and and you have a
good reason to I'm going to stay as
Lazarus for now and try to keep it going
this way it's the mistake I made many
many times my first run through the save
file and I by the way if we respawn as
yeah they're sorry if we respond as dude
as I'm okay with it
it'll give us a chance to win and we're
only going to use that respond if we're
going to die in the first place so I
just I want to point out that I think
this is one of those rare situations in
which we
actually do not want to become dark
judas immediately even though there was
another deal on the deal with the devil
most of the time that's going to be the
right decision this time I don't think
so unfortunately so this and this too
more spirit hearts we definitely do not
need to go buy a spirit are from our
shop like we're just going to move on
and honestly let's go keep it at least
honestly our staffs have been good are
not been good our stats are good
we have no bombs so I am feeling like
we're in a positive situation you're a
little less positive now that I walked
over a spike for no reason but this is a
good Lazarus run with again out of jail
free card is dark Judas if we want it
these are good things yeah that's you
yeah that's you yeah I'm saying four
times
nope two times I'm not a big double or
nothing sort of guy I don't you never
want to double or nothing in my opinion
I think it's it is always waited in the
side of nothing it's the same as the
roulette principle why would you ever do
double or nothing you went from nothing
to infinity times more than nothing and
now you're risking going from infinity
times more than nothing the two times
infinity more than nothing with the
chance to go back to nothing
look this sounds confusing but I always
look at risk in a relative fashion I
suppose I don't know what I'm talking
about anymore it was not a very cogent
point okay actually we can make good
stuff happen with IV bag if nothing else
hopefully oh I shouldn't pick that up
yet but if nothing else hopefully this
gives us the ability to donate enough
money to get to our second shop upgrade
one of the sore spots is doing a new
save files our shop is very weak right
now or at least not very robust right
now
dang easy money our luck stat is still
zero so we're in the interest of working
on that we have a real donation machine
so we're trying to get to 50 and then
we'll see how things look there's
options has appeared in the basement
that's a start I'm going to buy the
spirit heart exquisite now let's stop
taking damage because again it's
unbecoming of a young lady such as
yourself and now why are you taking
damage in this situation it's a bad look
it's a Brad look and I'm not talking
about
Angelina's ex-husband what's going on
with those two anyway I really hope they
can work it I don't know what it's like
to be like a mega celebrity I'm saying
that mostly it's a rhetorical question
because as we all know I already am but
to be like really good at acting to be
like yeah I'm Brad Pitt I'm famous for
playing other people in an affable
fashion
I mean if we've already got deal with
the devil precedent we might as well go
for it I think and then just like have
the press follow you around like you go
to a Booster Juice or something like
that and the paparazzi is outside like
hey Brad what's up how's your divorce
Bradley I get that it's a small price to
pay necessarily for you know being
fabulously wealthy people always act
like famous uh you know that was go fame
and fortune fortune is probably pretty
sweet for the most part I know Master P
said more money more problems but you
know Master P isn't on food stamps I'm
assuming so I'm not sure that he can
necessarily be considered an authority
on that again more money different
problems I'm sure Lou the Bank of Canada
raised interest rates 0.25 percent what
does this mean for my but really leaning
hard into the mouth accent there but
anyway
the point is I'm going to explore this
why not
the point is fortune I'm not sure if
that is great I'm sure Brad Pitt would
be like you know he'd like to go to the
Jew go-juice there's a lot of different
juice chains up here I'm sure you'd like
to go to the I've run out of juice
chains however I didn't sure he'd love
to go to the auras Orange Julius without
being asked about how like you know he
and the love of his life of God in the
divorce you know
that's rough imagine if you know you
were just famous for a day on like one
of the worst days of your life hey Dave
Ryan remember that time when you went to
get off the school bus and your bus
drivers say to have a good time in
University and you said you too and then
you felt really bad about it how did
that make you feel didn't make me feel
good you know they're they're human
beings very strange we live in a strange
world dude
I'm lucky enough that I've never had
that happen I've never had people like
follow me around and ask me questions
occasionally you'll need people and they
go what were you thinking an episode
blank of The Binding of Isaac and you
just had to level if I'm going to be
like record a lot of Isaac episodes not
every single one of them is necessarily
a winner but I'm doing my best here and
you know I make some boneheaded
decisions but when you're doing
commentary at the same time it's a it's
tough it's tough sometimes at least it's
not like it's you know like being a
rocket surgeon or something like that
but you get the idea
sort of $0.29 I will admit we're a
little slow for my tastes I would like
to go a little bit faster even though
damn baby I can't do it that fast but I
know somebody who can we do have a Libra
keep that in mind as you pick up a big
speed upgrade here yeah it turns out
that's not really that big of a deal hey
uh game designers you still paying
attention to this game why does range
have such an outrageously high cap on it
I feel like you should be able to get
higher than two speed if you can get to
like ninety nine range I'm just throwing
that out there as a as a cause for
potential rebalancing I don't know if
you even want to get the three speed
consider
how fast to speed already is I'm just
saying you know Libra pretty soon is
going to stop giving us speed upgrades
pretty soon it's going to stop giving us
tears upgrades but it'll give us range
upgrades until the end of frickin time
is this really the world that we want to
leave our children a world with endless
range upgrades but no damage my opponent
would have you believe yes okay what do
we have here uh we'll buy a map we
should have a lot of money so well you
know I'm just going to hurt myself today
to see if I still feel and grab this and
then get a free shop item
wow that's garbage um alright let's keep
moving on then goodbye that shop it's
been it has sucked all your items work
really mmm the radio edited version of
my parody version of goodbye stranger by
Supertramp goodbye bad shop
it's not for me make mole donations in
Sydney cream lovers card is money but
it's not my ideal choice here we're
looking for I mean I know we just got a
deal with the devil but you know let's
level with each other here we're all
adults here you know in the eyes of each
other in the eyes of an angel fly away
from here the last deal of devil was
like actually trash so I don't exactly
feel like we just want to have enough
money for an arcade in the future even
though there was one on this floor we're
trying to make pace here as well and I'm
not talking about salsa um keep going
this way it's a decent laz run the siren
song of dark Judas is calling to me but
I have to remember we have to be
slightly progress oriented here we've
got some big advantages already like
good decent rate of
Eyre although the longer it goes on the
less decent it gets you know you got
inflation in Isaac and you know seven
rate of fire is going to get you a long
way when you're in this game is version
of middle school but in a high school
you got to work a little harder in
college you got to work a little harder
in the real world got to work even
harder than that so we need up this
pierce data we're going to find
ourselves just slowly but surely being
outpaced by the game trying to think of
this any way that we can up our tear
stat without being subjected to the like
Libra Astro penalty and I'm not sure if
there is 15 cents well we don't
definitely like do not care about a
remote dirts your detonator it's not
necessarily bad but it's not really what
we want right now either stead we'll
just keep donating because the faster we
can get this bad boy to a fully expanded
shop the happier I'm going to be he
walked no no no no wait wait something
isn't right here that guy walked you saw
the look in his eyes he walked over the
gap to get to me how is this like the
third new thing I've noticed on this
save file how is it conceivable that I
didn't know that there were otherworldly
you know champions that could actually
walk on water here not technically water
but you know you know what I mean she
was teaching me something new all right
so ten out of ten upgrades obviously you
know the basics brimstone mom's knife
here's one that's a slightly less common
soymilk you're probably aware of it but
maybe you'd forgotten there is there
neglected to remember to put it more
diplomatically soymilk would be ten out
of ten
I do love having a tough love it would
be nice if we could get tough love with
more luck as well but the easiest
way forward for us as well with IV bag
might actually be right we ought to do
that in the opposite direction might
actually be money equals power it's
definitely not - IV bags but we'll swap
because old and busted Thank You new
hotness okay it's weird I just I feel
most Isaac runs are like a having a
normal RPG character you know you level
different stats at different times it's
like owning a golf course I guess you
know every single hole requires its own
maintenance but you could have like an
18 toll that's amazing in a first hole
that's terrible this is the worst
analogy I've ever made but a Libra run
is like filling a swimming pool we just
need more water everything's coming up
at roughly the same pace dude okay
gimpy + Libra could be really good sorry
gimpy + IV bag could be really good is
what I mean yeah annoying but we still
got our spirit heart back at least one
of them yeah so you know it's like
filling a swimming pool
you can't just fill the deep end at
least not without any kind of special
things from a store that's probably
going to charge you an exorbitant amount
of money because let's be honest if you
own a pool you can afford it
or you should have thought of that
before you got the pool maybe it's just
me and maybe she's born with it maybe
it's mabeline there's like some
exorbitant things you can have in a
house a lot of them do not interest me
at all like I have no interest in owning
a pool I don't know if it's I had
friends when I was growing up that had
pools I actually and this is not
braggadocious because we're not friends
anymore but I had a friend in eighth
grade who his family was like extremely
affluent to the point that he had like
the kind of bedroom that every kid in
seventh and eighth grade wants what
should never have it had like a
ping-pong table a pinball machine a
big-screen TV at the time even though it
probably looks hilariously antiquated if
I were to look at it now an indoor
Poole not in his room but like just
outside of his room and it was a big
indoor pool - it was like I'm not saying
Olympic size but it was not like a six
foot diameter pool it was like a pool
anyway I should see what that guy's up
to either way I have no interest in the
pool I don't want a house with an
elevator I don't want a house with a
secret passage maybe that's maybe I'm
too boring I don't know but you need
like a you need a boring person in every
couple or and I'm not going to say
boring because that's offensive to me
and my people what I'm going to say is
you need a sensible person in every
couple because I feel like my wife is
like that'd be really cool if we had a
secret passage and I'm like yeah well
who's going to win the pipes burst in
the secret passage who's going to fix it
is going to be me it's like when your
three-year-old wants it that's a little
insulting but like when your child wants
a dog and you nearly long and I end up
you know taking care of this dog you got
to give them the chance I guess still
but anyway the point is I've already
been here wait so not worth it I don't
want any is it your house is a money pit
to begin with mostly but not money but I
mean it's potentially a sound investment
depending on where you live I suppose
but and how much capital you have access
to but anyway I digress I know I don't
want to add anything that adds trouble
like I don't even want a lawn I don't
know a Liz when I grew up I had a lawn
100% of the time sure until I was until
I was 17 and I went away to college I
always had along and you know what that
meant it's just a source of stress that
I have no patience for you have a lawn
you look out of your window it looks
nice
there you go full stop if your lawns big
enough for your yard is big enough you
know you you can play in it or you can
sit in it your kids complain etcetera
etcetera doesn't interest me because
then you got to mow the lawn like once a
week you might say oh that doesn't seem
like it's that big of a deal but why mow
the lawn if you don't have to or in
parts of Canada you know you know why
shovel shoes shovel snow if you don't
have to you don't shovel your lawn
but you know I don't even want a yard
for these exact reasons cover the yard
and concrete I also don't want to invite
you know neighbors with too much time on
their hands to judge me for my lawn care
apparently like in my parents town
there's a pesticides ban Oh steam has
finished downloading the end is nigh the
time is now I am excited to play that I
was supposed to be playing it right now
on stream but the Steam download servers
went down for like an hour at the most
inopportune time you could possibly
expect anyway apparently there's a
pesticides ban in in my hometown my
parents said that there are people we
can't make boss rush who actually like
wait until they buy pesticides in the US
I don't know if it counts of smuggling
but they like take them back into Canada
and then under the cover of darkness use
the pesticides at a time when they're
like less likely to be caught you
understand how absurd that is that
people you because you want your lawn to
look nice you're putting poison on the
ground that requires you to become like
an international criminal that's why I
don't want a lawn is because it turns
sensible people ridiculous that's
actually eight pay grades above the
absurdity that I can deal with I always
see these commercials it's like hey
Derrick how did you make your lawn grow
so nice and it always shows like one
poor guy there's always like four kinds
of husbands and commercials one of them
is the husband who's like can't do
anything right he's usually a little on
the chubby side and you know when they
show him doing lawn work he's always
like on his hands and knees for I spent
the whole weekend pulling out weeds and
they just sprouted up again and then
there's always like just a cut below the
attractiveness level required to be in
like a TV show I'm sorry to say if
that's the way showbiz works a lot of
the time probably I mean I don't know
YouTube is the great equalizer there get
really good average youtuber you're
looking at them right now in your mind's
eye at least
that's not a secret room uh he's always
like why just use Scotts Turf Builder
and you know in 15 seconds it makes it
perfect how about hey John I judge you
by the character or the strength of your
character instead of the quality of your
lawn because this isn't a weird Stepford
Wives sort of situation
Loki's horns invasion I'm not saying by
the way that I don't understand the
purpose of lawn care lawns are like
eyebrows you know I don't notice them
but apparently a lot of people care
about them a lot and admire them if
you're into gardening for sure yard work
I actually think I don't get it but I
sort of get it because I was similar
with running people go man running sucks
and I was like yeah running sucked for
like six months when I was doing is like
three years ago now for like six months
when I was just getting started but then
once I got into it I looked forward to
it every day was like a nice little 90
minute meditation was just me and a
podcast doing something productive that
also was very good for me on a mental
level it was therapeutic in a genuine
level and I think gardening and yard
work can be that for a lot of people I
guess I because it's like a living
Tamagotchi right you're like I am
responsible for these plants and these
plants are life even if it's not
sentient I think I understand it on that
level at least but I don't I don't
respect like lawn care marketing which
is always like ooh there's always like
an undertone of adulteries like you know
Jim's wife isn't happy that the lawn
doesn't look nice maybe she's going to
take it out on Jim by inciting a sexual
jealousy or something there's always a
little sinister undertone in not just
lawn care advertisements but in a lot of
advertisements you know that like
laundry detergent advertisements flip it
the other way it's always like hey mom's
your kid has grass stains because
they're a kid and they play outside and
they fall down from time to time having
fun all the other parents are judging
you
are they I don't know if they are like
maybe they should set this should be an
ad for that that's like hey stop judging
other parents with the kids have grass
stains on their clothes mom's busy at
the office you know earning the kind of
equity to pay for today's college
tuition rates she does have time to use
18 different kinds of detergent first
you put in the clothes then you do a pre
rinse then you put on the you know the
all-in-one detergent booster then you
put in the detergent and then all you
didn't separate those whites from the
colors and all of a sudden you've got
your laundry's all pink now and you know
your husband's looking at his secretary
with a lustful eye because she did her
kids don't have grass stains on their
knees in all praise on on human
insecurities Axe body spray is another
one but we you know we don't have to get
into that I think we're about to win we
might have to go to Sheol but this has
been a good run one way or the other
sometimes this gives us Sheol access it
did give a shellac so we learn our
lesson from last time let me go over
your Skype for seconds we are cutting it
close I just got to go don't get they
don't like begotten baby
all right
Shoal nobody knows the show laughs see I
always want you to know and it's very
self-serving for me to say this as well
but I'm on your side
many people think that I'm Pro corporate
and to some extent I think on the
YouTube gaming side I am and I don't
necessarily think it's like just because
I have done like the lightest form of
game development work conceivable but
you know I recognize that I'm in an
extraordinarily privileged position even
relative to other people in the gaming
industry like a lot of these game
developers they basically get in their
office and for two years or more they
work on a game that's all they do that's
their job there I really hope this game
does well they work on it you know five
thousand hours it's absurd and then I
play it for 45 minutes and I go I don't
really like it and I don't think I
should be under an obligation to like
you know every game that I play of
course but I'm just saying like there's
a huge like disproportionate amount of
time investment there I put in five
thousand hours myself but it's more it's
not creating a single product judging
other people's products and hopefully
creating an entertaining stream as well
but so I do things that I err on more of
the side where people are like why
doesn't this game work like this I'm
like well it's not plausible and they go
yeah but just do it you know so I have a
little bit more sympathy although still
not a ton like dude so many games say
they have online multiplayer and the
online multiplayer just doesn't work
that bothers me but anyway
why is everything got to cost money of
dude we might die and respondents are
Judas here now that that would be the
worst thing I don't remember if we
actually completed our Judith's Scholl
trip so this would be a this would be a
surprise perhaps that we were able to
succeed in that department but I'm very
like I'm a surprisingly counterculture
when it comes to most consumer goods you
might be surprised maybe not quite at
the robber level of like or the NIC
level of like why can people buy
property isn't doesn't that belong to
the earth but you know I don't
understand fabric softener even though I
buy it from time to time I don't
understand a lot of things anyway that
that should really just be how I end
every episode I don't understand a lot
of things we're done here broken onyx
appeared in the basement thanks for
watching if you guys enjoy the episode
if you did click the like button upside
a great deal of course subscribe you
don't see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time